readme.md, before:

This crate reads the current system theme and gives you an `egui` style to use in your program to hopefully make it look more cohesive with other apps for your user's platform.

# Platform support
### Linux
If the user is using KDE Plasma, it will read $HOME/.config/kdeglobals.

Otherwise, it will try to read the GTK4 or GTK3 theme via $HOME/.config/gtk-X.0/settings.ini.
This is more limited, as i had to partially write a css interpreter to get it working, if your theme doesn't work, make an issue!

### Windows
Uses [GetSysColor](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/winuser/nf-winuser-getsyscolor).

NOTE: Some modern versions of Windows don't update this with the user's dark mode/accent color preferences for some reason, so if you are targeting windows, you should probably have an option to use the default `egui` theme.

### MacOS
Uses ojbc to get the system accent color.

Only accent colors supported, as MacOS does not give the color values of colors.
You could hard code the values if you can figreout which one is which.

Commit message:

add dynamic colors on MacOS

readme.md, after:

This crate reads the current system theme and gives you an `egui` style to use in your program to hopefully make it look more cohesive with other apps for your user's platform.

# Platform support
### Linux
If the user is using KDE Plasma, it will read $HOME/.config/kdeglobals.

Otherwise, it will try to read the GTK4 or GTK3 theme via $HOME/.config/gtk-X.0/settings.ini.
This is more limited, as I had to partially write a css interpreter to get it working, if your theme doesn't work, make an issue!

### Windows
Uses [GetSysColor](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/winuser/nf-winuser-getsyscolor).

NOTE: Some modern versions of Windows don't update this with the user's dark mode/accent color preferences for some reason, so if you are targeting windows, you should probably have an option to use the default `egui` theme.

### MacOS
Uses ojbc to get the system accent color and the others are hard coded.\
With the dynamic-mac-colors feature swift is used to get the ui colors this should suport high contrast mode.
